---
date: 2020-05-10
pageTitle: First post ✨
---

Hello!

I just wanted to greet you, dear reader, and say a few words about what plans do I have for this blog and about my motivation for starting it. 
The idea to build a blog has been somewhere in the back of my head for a long time (because another blog is what the world needs the most right now, right?) but I never had time or energy to set it up. With the quarantine, however, I have found some spare time on my hands saved on commuting and here we are. Now, you might ask, why go through all the trouble of setting up a standalone web-site for a simple blog while there are plenty of blogging platforms out there. Well, there are a few reasons for that and the main one is because I wanted to apply my knowledge and experience to build a lightweight, minimalistic, accessible, and performant site and maybe learn a thing or two in the process. I was curious about new tools that became available lately and wanted to try some of them. Another reason is all blogging platforms that I know of are either show ads or [just bad for a whole lot of other reasons](https://medium.com/@nikitonsky/medium-is-a-poor-choice-for-blogging-bb0048d19133) and even if there's some platform that isn't so bad, in the end, there's still one more advantage to host your blog yourself and it is the ownership and complete control over your content.  If you post something on any of such platforms, however good the platform might be, ultimately you are not in charge of the content - they can delete it if they don't like it one day, I think you get my point.

So for the past month, I've been tinkering with this after work (or sometimes in between work) and finally reached a point when I thought it was complete enough so I could start adding some content and show it to the world while continuing to work on the improvements in the background. As you can see, the blogging in itself is not the main reason for why this site exists, and eventually, I plan it to be a place where I can showcase some of my work, sort of an e-portfolio if you like, where the blog is going to be just a part of it. I don't know yet whether it's going to be a purely technical blog or I'm going to write about all kinds of stuff - I don't have plans for future posts or anything like that except for one. In the next post, I want to describe what technologies I used for this site, where it's hosted, my thought process of why I picked one thing over the other and things like that. I'm really excited about that, hope you are too, so stay tuned and see you soon.