---
date: 2021-02-05
pageTitle: Video Games, Yoga, Protests, Anxiety.
syntaxHighlightEnabled: false
SEO_Description: Just a rant. My personal notes about current events and my life.
---

Hi, I haven't written anything for a while, so I decided to sit down and fix that. Here's the thing though, I didn't do any coding on the side lately, so I don't have anything particular to write about. But hey, who said I should only write about tech stuff. The good news is - it's my blog, and I decide what to post here. So maybe I'll just try to do a brain dump and see what's there.

Following up on the video games topic from the previous post, I've finally got to finish Portal 2. Decent game, but it required some willpower to endure the final chapters because I got tired of solving puzzles and just wanted to be done with it already. What kept me going is I just wanted to see how it ends. The ending was funny, but I liked the credits song in the first game better. Valorant is another game I've been playing a lot lately. I'm done with it now, though. Apart from being a huge waste of time, like many other competitive online games, it's very toxic. If you played any team online shooters, you know what I mean. I used to love multiplayer PvP games - Dota, Counter-Strike, Quake 3 Arena, Half-Life, StarCraft, WarCraft 3 - I spent many hours in these games as a kid. Even back when I played WoW, I enjoyed PvP aspect of the game the most, but if I ever were to return to Azeroth, it would be for role-playing or PvE, but not for PvP. I've lost my enthusiasm in online PvP. Mostly because I don't like the emotions it brings up in me: anger, frustration, animosity towards the opponent. Nah, I'd rather play something cute and peaceful, something that helps me relax. That's why I bought My Time at Portia. It's nice and chill, just what I need.

But enough about video games. I've gotten sick in early January and have just recently fully recovered from it. It wasn't anything serious, but it was enough to disrupt my daily workout habit. I haven't done any strength training since I got sick, and it sucks because right before I went down with this cold, I bought a lot of new equipment for my little home gym, and I haven't been able to test it yet. Namely, I've gotten myself a plyometric box, kettlebell, resistance band, stability ball, and a pilates foam roll. It sounds like a lot of stuff now when I list it here, so I should probably take it easy with all the fitness shopping. For now, I decided to take it slow and to increase the intensity of my workouts gradually. So, I'm doing yoga to stay active during my recovery and to sort of warmup before I start doing strength workouts again. And I'm glad that I had to take a step back and recharge. It gave me a chance to discover this amazing 16 days program in my NTC app with 12 yoga and 4 meditation sessions. It reminded me how great and rewarding yoga is. I did the last day of the program today.
 
I'm grateful for yoga cause not only it keeps my body toned, but it also helps me go through everything that is happening these days. I'm not in a good place mentally right now because of this terrible situation with Navalny's being arrested and people being beaten by police on the streets. These events occupy my head most of the time. And yoga really calms my nerves and lets me just breathe and make my mind go quiet, at least for a brief moment while I'm on the mat. The Last time I felt anxiety like this was during protests in Belarus last summer. Back when it all started, it was hard to concentrate on work for me for a few days, and I was constantly checking news sites and social media for updates, worrying about protesters. And I'm in a similar state now, only this time it's even more intense because it's not in the neighboring country, but right here, in my city, and in many other Russian cities. Currently, we've found ourselves in the aftermath of two planned street actions and one spontaneous, which happened on Tuesday night after the hearing on the replacement of Navalny's suspended sentence with a real one. The reports of people tortured in police departments are truly dystopian and horrifying.

As much as I hate to end on such a low note, I don't know what else to say here. Most likely, we are going to see more street actions. Hopefully, the police violence will stop. My heart goes to all the people who are now in jail for protesting peacefully. Wishing them strength and hoping for the soon release of all political prisoners.

Peace ✌.